hey guys what's going on it's yo auntie
and today of another sneaker unboxing
this one coming from hess kicks shout
out to hess kicks really appreciate it
man help me out on this I couldn't get
through I tried on on nike.com when it's
not twitter link only i can never get
through twitter link only i'm pretty
pretty good but same thing happened with
the nike SB tiffany's for some reason I
just have an issue adding to cart and
then I also tried you know a bunch of
other sites and I just wasn't having any
luck um so you know when you combo this
colorway in this model you know and you
throw it on a low then you know
obviously people are going to want it um
so luckily and I sent out a few tweets
oh man I megabuck box well not this boss
ah so yeah here we go oh nice nice oh
cool cool yeah you wrote a little note
too well almost dropped them uh yo ant
you just want to say hello haven't been
watching many vids lately but I always
support what you do FYI my wife thinks
your beard is gross hahaha a shorter a
vid of what you look like now two years
after the Christmas present you sent to
me and she does not approve well she
also doesn't approve of free Jordans
either ah but we both know that if I was
able to create a face fuzzy as excellent
as that I would I wouldn't a flash your
asian friend with no facial hair yes
that was hilarious well I'm sorry um has
his wife but the beard is here to stay
hahaha so let's break out the shoes that
was hilarious note i'll have to show
your shanties here we go you guys
probably already know who I saw these
once in person but damn are they clean
Wow concord those to me it's a it's a
sneaker that's an instant classic yeah
there might have been hyped and yeah
everyone may have bought them and you're
going to see him everywhere but on a
shoe like this that's okay you know it's
an instant classic I they honestly
amazing job with them like the I think
just they hit a home run they didn't
mess it up you know even just looking
these over that the craftsmanship looks
really good like even like the cuts on
the leather here look really nice so you
know this is a shoe that you know get
rid of all the hype if you wanted it and
you bought it because you liked it cool
go with it and that's it so I'm going to
do for view on feet I'm going to be
wearing these a lot this summer so once
again shouted at s kicks truly
appreciate you helping me out because
you know that's what's fun about the
whole secret community we're all here
we're all friendly we're all trying to
get each other's back so I appreciate it
and now that note was absolutely
hilarious so guys as always thanks for
watching hit the thumbs up button
subscribe follow me on Instagram Twitter
all that fun stuff and i'll talk to you
guys tomorrow take care